hello everyone this is mr brain junkie
here and today we're going to be talking
about a science fiction drama film
called real steel
be ready for some spoilers ahead
charlie is a retired boxer who owes a
lot of money to different people
this is partly because boxers have been
replaced by robots in the arena
making him lose his job he's also not
very good with kids
trying to charge them five dollars just
to take a picture with his broken robot
he has a deal with the host ricky who
promises to pay him for fighting one of
his bulls with charlie's robot
ambush not being happy with the pay
charlie wants to fight ricky's best
competitor
and bets him 20 thousand dollars if he
wins
now i understand why he owes so many
people so much money
charlie doesn't seem to be worried one
bit as he showboats with his robot
fighter
the gigantic boat charges at the robot
but ambush manages to tackle it to the
ground
the robot dodges the attacks easily and
knocks the animal flying with an
uppercut
thinking that he has won charlie flirts
with a pretty girl in the crowd
and before he knows it the raging bull
sends his robot flying
taking off one of its legs personally i
don't blame him for being
distracted as i would have probably done
the same thing
the bull continues to dismantle his
robot while charlie begs the owner to
stop the show
his robot fighter gets punished even
more and soon it turns into nothing more
than a pile of scrap
metal charlie tries to run away from the
place before his bed can be collected
and meets two men who tells him that his
ex-girlfriend just died
he must now attend court for the custody
of his son
max charlie clearly doesn't care too
much for the boy since he's prepared to
sign the papers releasing him to his
ex-girlfriend's sister
deborah he changes his mind though when
he sees how rich her husband is
and decides to extort him for money in
exchange for the custody
essentially selling his son to their
family however
the husband will be away this summer
which prompts charlie to charge him even
more money to look after his own son for
two months
talk about being heartless with new cash
in his pocket
he quickly buys another robot called
noisy boy from the black market
charlie goes back home to his girlfriend
bailey and we find out that he owes her
money as well
he tries to use his male hormones to
seduce her but he forgot he's not
warfaring anymore
and she tells him that she prefers money
more than his chiseled body
barbara and her husband drops off max in
the front door
and the kid is angry not because his
father just sold him but that he didn't
get part of that money
i guess the apple really doesn't fall
far from the tree
charlie receives the new robot and
proceeds to open its shipping container
a gigantic machine in samurai armor
walks out in a spectacular fashion
he tries to use the voice control but
the robot doesn't respond
luckily max is also a super fan of robot
fighting
and he successfully commands the machine
by speaking japanese
showing that it's not malfunctioning it
turns out that all they needed to do was
reset the language function to english
charlie rushes to put the robot in his
truck and proceeds to head to the
nearest competition
thinking that he'll definitely win this
time max wants to tag along
but knew his father would refuse to take
him so he blackmails charlie by stealing
the key to the vehicle
without any choice charlie begrudgingly
takes his son
along for the ride they go to this
underground fighting club
and charlie talks to the organizer finn
and wants him to give the main fight to
his robot
since they used to compete in the big
leagues max tells his dad to take
another card instead
as they never practiced using this robot
before
but charlie refuses and decides to go
all in against the champion
midas the fighters each take their
corner while the crowd goes wild with
excitement
charlie's robot charges forward and
deals a devastating punch to its
opponent
it continues to dominate the fight and
trashes the other robot left and right
across the stage
as the fight goes on charlie becomes
overconfident
dropping his guard and noisy boy gets
punched across the ring
the opponent continues to pound his
robot while he's unsure of what to do
he never familiarized himself with the
robot's controls
and is only now trying to look up the
combinations he ends up using the wrong
move
which gives the opponent the chance to
rip its arm off
things only get worse from here as the
champion knocks the head off charlie's
robot
max blames his father for being reckless
and never gave the robot a chance to
fight since he didn't know how to use it
properly
charlie refuses to accept his own fault
and blames the robot for being obsolete
while venting at his son to get in the
truck without any choices left
they decide to go to the scrap yard and
scavenge for parts to make a robot for
their next fight
they looked all over the place but
doesn't seem to find anything useful
charlie tells max to be careful as he
goes near a cliff
suddenly the ground breaks loose and max
falls straight into the hole behind him
he gets pushed forwards by the falling
ring and just when he's about to fly
over the walls
a piece of metal grabs him from the back
charlie rushed towards the sun
and manages to carry him over to safety
as the two embrace
max examines the thing that saved him
and to his surprise
he finds the body of an older robot
buried in the ground the boy wants to
bring it with him
but charlie doesn't think it's worth the
effort and lets his son
dig it out which probably took the whole
night let's just say max wasn't very
happy with how irresponsible his father
was
they bring the robot back to bailey and
surprisingly
she manages to make it work bailey
explains that it has a shadow function
which is why the robot always seems to
mimic the movement of the person
in front of it while washing it clean
max finds out the machine has a name
called adam
max wants his father to put adam in
competition but charlie says that it's
only a sparring robot
meaning that it can take hits but not
really deal any damage
charlie takes his son to the robot
fighting league and tries to get a
sponsor for a new robot
but even his best friend refuses to
invest in charlie
given his losing records feeling angry
and hopeless
charlie agrees to bring adam to fight in
the zoo where only the worst robots
compete against each other
max arrives at the junkyard and
challenges the champion robot metro
to which his owner bets a thousand
dollars that the fight will not last
more than the first round
the two robots enter the ring and adam
gets pummeled by his enemy from the very
start
charlie tries to instruct his son on
maneuvering the robot but the boy's lack
of experience
results in adam getting beat up
repeatedly charlie wants to take
over and survive the first round but max
refuses
and gets the robot knocked out by a
devastating hit from the opponent
as the timer counts down adam
miraculously stands up before the last
second
and manages to survive the first round
earning them a thousand dollars
the opponent wants max to double or
nothing to which he agrees
instantly at his father's dismay
learning from his first round with metro
max tells his robot to backstep creating
an opening that was unexpected by the
opponent
adam then jumps with an uppercut causing
his enemy to malfunction
and fall straight to the ground the
crowd cheers for their victory
and charlie takes the money from the
loser while making some upgrades to adam
max suggests to his father to teach the
robot how to fight
by letting it copy his moves charlie
hesitates as he hasn't boxed for a long
time
and his last fight ended up with him
losing but after thinking about it
overnight
he resolves to help his son by teaching
the robot his moves
their father and son teamwork results in
their victory against tougher and
tougher opponents in the underground
fighting league which also makes them a
lot of money
eventually they become famous enough
where the big fighting league
offers them a fight against their
national champion twin cities
before their fight the owner of zeus
lemkova
wants to buy their robot for a hundred
thousand dollars to which max refuses
immediately
charlie wants his son to take the offer
but max is adamant that his robot is
priceless and not for sale
their fight begins and the national
champion marches towards the ring while
the crowd cheers its name
max is unafraid of his opponent as he
chops towards the stage as well
the two machines charge towards each
other trading blows as they punch each
other repeatedly
twin city begins to get the upper hand
and push adam towards the corner with
his superior power and reach
charlie has a difficult time countering
their moves as they have two heads which
grants them no blind spots
he eventually notices a weakness in the
opponent's shoulder and manages to
counter-attack while pushing back
adam stays close to the bigger robot
landing multiple body shots and finishes
off with a devastating uppercut that
knocks the opponent
onto its back the crowd goes wild as the
major underdog just defeated the
national champion
in a dominating fashion max still angry
that limkova tried to buy his robot
challenges their team for a fight while
the woman and her designer looks down in
disapproval
as the two walk out of the building in
victory their celebration is ruined by
the arrival of ricky
who comes to collect the money owed to
him by charlie the father tries to fight
back but gets beat up by the group
as he tries to protect his son as well
they take all of their winnings and
beats the father while the son watches
realizing that the life he has is too
dangerous for max
charlie decides to return him to his
guardians ahead of time
which saddens max greatly as he walks
away in disappointment
unsure of his decision to leave his son
charlie returns to bailey and looks for
her advice
charlie thinks that he's not good enough
for his son and argues that his foster
parents have a lot of money
bayley assures him that a father's love
is more important than anything that
money can buy
she encourages charlie to have the
courage to fight for his son
moved by her words charlie goes back to
max and apologizes for what he has done
he also tells max that he accepted the
fight against zeus which makes his son
smile again
they walk towards the ring as the crowd
cheers for the underdog of the fight
charlie looks to the side and sees that
bayley has come to support them
which brings a smile to his face the
music begins and
zeus enters the stage marching towards
the ring with menace
he charges and leaps onto the ring
towering over everything around him
the fight begins and the two moves
closer but zeus lends a devastating
punch which
knocks adam straight to the ground he
gets up slowly
but gets knocked down again after only
two punches
adam seems to have a mind of its own and
continues to get up while being
dominated by furious of punches from the
powerful opponent that pushes it to the
corner
surprisingly it manages to counter with
an uppercut which stuns zeus as it never
saw it coming
adam continues to fight back but his
opponent regains the upper hand very
quickly
and continues to land punches until the
bell rings for the first round
charlie rushes on stage and quickly
repairs their robot with his son
the bell rings and adam continues to
fight off zeus
throughout the rounds it begins to deal
some damage to his opponent
while taking a lot of beating in return
in round 4
zeus forces adam into a corner and
pounds continuously
to which charlie realizes that their
voice control is damaged
without any other options charlie
decides to use the shadow function to
finish the final round
the exchange blows at each other but
zeus pushes adam to the corner with a
barrage of punches
while smiling the main character dares
his opponent to continue with the
attacks
zeus uses all its power to try and
finish adam but slows down quickly as it
loses its power from the exertion
charlie takes this opportunity and
launches a fury of counter-attacks
pushing the enemy back as it appears to
be paralyzed
max looks at his father and sheds tears
of joy as he sees charlie regain his
passion for boxing from his past
adam continues to attack and manages to
knock out zeus with a devastating punch
it manages to get up but only to receive
more punishment from adam
until the bell finally rings ending the
fight although the judges gave
zeus to win after scoring the crowd
declares adam as the people's champion
charlie cheers with his son in victory
as the audience
chants their names so what do you guys
think about this movie
let me know in the comments below and if
you like my video please press
like and subscribe for more i'll see you
guys next time